Week 1

YYDS Group formed. I created the Lira & GitHub accounts. Together with Weizhou Ren, Xiaoheng Hong, Zanning Wang and Yunze Shi(z5238743, z5224151, z5244619, z5300340). 

I wrote the weekly diary. I also found and discussed with the team all available software tools and libraries that we can use for the project. We think we can use react framework for the front-end and mangoDB and php/Java/Python for the back-end.

Week 2

I wrote the first version of User interface and drafted a design for the Web. I also write the weekly work diary.

User interface contains user register/sign on and new user welcome. Advanced search part and the detailed web page and the part of how to upload the page.

Week 3

I wrote the proposal about front-end part: 1. Interface and Flow Diagram 2.System Architecture about Front-end 3. Edit detailed phototype.

Still learning about redux to regulate front-end component.


week 4

I built 1. the ui for basic Welcome page, and the logic of Welcome page. 2. the ui for basic Login/Sign in page, 3. the Avator page and logic.

The plan for next week is to bring more logic for all of the page above. and connect to the server, including retrieving Hot 10 recommendations
and personal feed, and most importantly, the Navebar.


week 5

I built 1. recipe detailed page part for author/ ingredient/picture. 2. more logic for all of the page reported in week4 and connet to server.

The plan for next week is still etrieving Hot 10 recommendations and update some importantly bug

week 6

I still repair bugs for some loading page。 YYDS group conduct a discussion about our retrospective in week 6 about the advantages and disadvantages.

In next week. I will fixed the material-UI styles and write some Jest to test our project.


week 7

I still repair bugs for recipe detailed。 I'm still fixing the material-UI styles and write some Jest to test our project.


week 8

I still repair bugs for some loading page。 YYDS group conduct DemoB in week 8 and a retrospective about Demo B. 

I'm still fixing the material-UI styles and write some Jest to test our project. 

And update welcome page aboout auto slider.

week 9
I finish welcome page aboout auto slider and correct the bugs.

I finish Password finding page designing and writing functions.

I finish debuging with all component. 
 
