Week1
Group formed. I wrote the user story section of the proposal.
I discussed with the team all available software tools and libraries that we can use for the project.
I researched throught the current backend frameworks available and discussed with Weizhou the framework we are going to use,
and the database system for the backend. We decided to use MongoDB as JSON is handy for the data transaction and structuring for the scope of this project.
For the framework, we decided to use flask as it's highly extensible for further need of new features.
I spent several days to teach myself the fundamentals of MongoDB and flask.

Week2
Learned how to user flask-restx to create restful api with swagger page.
Learned how to crud using MongoDB via pymongo
Set up the structure of the backend app.
Wrote the functionality of authentication (log in & sign up) which returns a token
everything works currently.

Week3
Completed the backend part for user authentication using JWT (signing up and logging in).
Completed the functionality for users to like/unlike a comment, follow/unfollow a user,
rate & edit the rate to a certain recipe, and create/edit/read/delete a recipe.
designed and improved the document models (schema for MongoDB) of the database for all above mentioned functionality.
Wrote the draft version of the api that pushes a feed to a user.

Week4
Completed the basic function of getting user feeds
Completed the basic function of search using a query to return all relevent recipes.

Week5
Upgraded function of searching using query on different combinations of fields.
Refined the logic of database index to enhance the performance of searching. 

Week6
Modified the logic of caching layer of Redis to ensure better consistency with MongoDB.

Week7
Fixed some existing bugs. Developed Apis to return hot recipes as a recommendation for users.

Week8
Developed functionalities to enable users to reset password by sending an email with tokne links to their mailbox.
The extension used is flask mail.

Week 9:
Work with frontend team members to fix some bugs. Refilled the database with fresh data by scripting as the old dataset was debricated after being tested & manually modified during the development.

Week10:
finish final report and perpare the final presentation.
final bug-fixing 
